Also appear
So this is your date?
Looking ugly
Not so good
Okay, okay.
Yoyo came to you today to ask for your help.
Can you help me get back the money owed by the red door?
I am attentive
If it's okay, you won't be looking for me.
Oh, dear.
Okay, okay.
What about Mr. Hong?
Play here every night
I'll take you to him
Let's go
Ah, Luming, don't go
You will only talk nonsense when you go there.
Xiaole is a wealthy daughter
Red Young Master will not make things difficult for him
Cheers.
Young Master
Blind your dog eyes
Didn't you see this young master doing something?
Young Master Xu Family Xu Xiaole asks to see you
And brought a beautiful woman
Bring people in
A rare visitor, Miss Xu
What brings you here?
Please sit please sit
Hong Gongzi was joking
I'm here to ask for something
Can Hong Gongzi look at my face?
Did you settle the payment for the Li family?
Okay, here
How much again?
8 million 8 million
I'll give you 16 million